Today's videos let's see how to create lightning
I have now created a new document
of discharge 1200 for 800 pixel color rgb resolution 150 pixels per inch
first of all
I take the gradient tool
verifying that you have a black sport in the foreground which color of
White background
I'm going to trace
apply the shading supreme document
affixed. varone - filter at the entry render selects clouds indifference
now in the image menu
I go
under the heading adjustments
to select
levels
or
with the shortcut keyboard command allied against control l for pc
here I have to make sure of
remove
color
let's say gray
send me lightning around
to counter it
more and more
so I go to take the cursor of lights that on the right I drag it
to
left
Now
I'm going to take the mid-tone cursor
I also move it slightly to the left
I click ok
now go not even imagine
adjustments
fly selected inverts also uses a keyboard shortcut
I command or against links for PC
then
I take the brush tool
set controlled by normal
I hold down
option o
high for PC
and as you can see the dropper will appear
to go and sample the background color
which of course a black
so I make a click
per championship if you don't have one
this color as a foreground color
and coli brush
I'm going to correct any
anomaly
then I take off
the gray
around the blazing messina
forklift
very well now this lightning
I will go and insert it
inside a Chioggia image opened then it grain inside the
document drag
that I go on the label
new hotmail document
that I opened then I move
in the middle of the release document as they say
I copied
the document where the lightning was created
try and select
in casting methods
the discoloration voice
now with the key combination command to control t
activate the free transformation and then go
Amber
change to rootare
to better position your lightning
when you are satisfied with the result, press enter to confirm
now padua
delete the parts
in excess of lightning 15
selecting the level
just lightning click on the add mask button
level
I go again to learn the brush always set as the first color
black piano
and I go
to mask
the area is that I don't care
I love starting lightning
inside a cloud and go after this madman
done
artificial lightning
in this case
inside the photo also a body of water
for example, I can create the reflection so it dragged my level
of lightning in the south add me level
between new level but then duplicated lightning level
last below
manual -
modification
the item transformat
vertical reports
and dragged
holding down the key
upper case of the keyboard
the Lightning
where I think that
it should happen
so I lower the opacity
of the level
and I go to apply a filter not even filter
at the item distortion select
ocean ripple
that I apply a slight ripple
after you decide how to change this option click ok
and that's it
now experiments
for the moment all the salute to the next one